# Documentation types

The technical documentation can be classified by five kinds:

## 1. Requirements

In short, the documentation that tells the software features. It is not exactly a techinical one. Very friendly for manager, but important for programers that will drive further development.

## 2. Architectural

Tells how the features from the technical documentation shoud be done in technical terms. Still does not mentions frameworks or any specific tool, but already enters in the technical domain.

NOTE FOR FRONTEND PROJECTS: the frontend tools can be very different in the way how to reach an objective. They can provides its own way to do the things. So, document the frontend in the Architectural documentation may have no sense, because there have no pattern (or very few patterns) how to reach certain objectives. The Architectural Documentation exists to document the *common technical way* that can be reached by several frameworks, and in the brackend MVC world there are lots of common places, while not much of them in the frontend world.

## 3. Design

Enters in the tools domains. Extends the architetural documentation telling how to do inside some specific tool or framework.

## 4. DDD (Document Design Database)

MER documentation.

## 5. API Documentation

The description method by method from the code. Shoud be automatically generated by some tool that will read the docblocks from the code and generates the documentation.

NOTE: this not relates to the endpoint web apis. This is another domain of documentation.
